Brother Wuji is now my boyfriend
In that case
It seems that there is no need for this blind date to continue.
Xiao Zhao, we just learned about this sword
Xiao Wuqi is my sister's boyfriend
Not intentionally riding a horse
Don't blame our Zhang family.
It doesn't matter, I already have loyalty
Come in, Muyan
Did you hear what Zhang Ningyu said just now?
Ning Yu, congratulations
Finally got my wish
Congratulations too.
I wish you both happiness.
Wild Goose
You listen to me.
I can explain this to you
Mo Yan, listen to me
Brother Wuji and I don't really need it anymore
Uncle Zhang Auntie Zhang
I want to introduce to you solemnly
His name is Jiang Wenqing
It's my boyfriend.
What Jiang Wenxing is your boyfriend?
When were you together?
Just yesterday.
I mustered up the courage to express my feelings to Mu Yan
Come today
I also have something to announce
My engagement ceremony with Mu Yan will be held tomorrow